feat: monitoring stack tutorial (#33)
AshAvalanche/ash-docs: docs/toolkit/ansible-avalanche-collection/tutorials/subnet-blockchain-explorer.md

## Configure Blockscout

> The Blockscout instance will be installed as a [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) service on the node targeted by the `blockscout` Ansible group. In [Ansible Avalanche Getting Started](https://github.com/AshAvalanche/ansible-avalanche-getting-started), it is `frontend` by default. You can change this by editing the [`hosts`](https://github.com/AshAvalanche/ansible-avalanche-getting-started/blob/main/inventories/local/hosts) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Blockscout instance will be installed as a [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) service on the nodes of the `blockscout` Ansible group. In [Ansible Avalanche Getting Started](https://github.com/AshAvalanche/ansible-avalanche-getting-started), it is the `frontend` node by default. You can change this by editing the [`hosts`](https://github.com/AshAvalanche/ansible-avalanche-getting-started/blob/main/inventories/local/hosts) file.
```
